1. The problem is rarely the problem. 
99% of the harm is caused in your head, by you and your thoughts. 
1% of the harm is caused by the reality, what actually happens and the outcome. 
Most of the time, the problem isn't the problem. The way you think about the problem is. 

3. Silence and time. 
The truth is, most problems aren't solved with more thinking, they're solved with less 
You'll find most of the answers you're looking for in silence, in time and with a clear mind. 
If you can't solve a problem, stop trying to. 

5. The power of now. 
You're not going to overthink your way to a better future. 
You're not going to overthink your way to a better past. 
All you have is now. 
And what you can do with NOW can make right of your past and make good of your future. 
Make peace with yesterday, let go of tomorrow, grab hold of now, 

7. Acceptance is peace 
No amount of anxiety will change your future, no amount of regret will change your past. 
Peace is found in acceptance: 
Accept imperfection. Accept uncertainty. Accept uncontrollable. 
You don't have to understand, tolerate or even forget something, but if you want peace, you must accept it. 

2. Avoid self-rejection. 
Don't think you deserve that opportunity? Apply for it anyways. 
Don't think your article is good enough? Publish it anyways. 
Don't think they'll reply to your email? Send it anyways. 
Never overthink yourself into self-rejection. 

4. An important question, 
When you start criticizing yourself for past mistakes, or seeing disaster around 
every corner, ask yourself: 
"Is there anything I can do right now to change the past or to positively influence the future." 
If the answer is yes, do it - take action. If the answer is no, be at peace - let it go. 
You have to take action or let it go, everything else is self-harm. 

6. Fact check your own thoughts. 
Your thoughts will create scenarios in your mind that reflect your insecurities, fear, and worries. 
So it's important to always fact-check your own thoughts before accepting them, because in highly emotional situations, your thoughts will tell you stories that aren't true. 
Fact-check yourself. 

8. Health starts in your mind. 
You can go to gym, eat healthy, do yoga, drink water and take vitamins, but if you don't directly confront the negativity in your thoughts, you will never truly be "healthy". 
Our health isn't measured on scales, by the size of our muscles or by the width of our waist, 
True health is measured by the quality of our thoughts and the peacefulness of our mind. Health starts in your mind. 
